#summary How to arrange the code from SVN to be able to be compiled

==Prerequisites==

===devkitARM===

Ok, first things first.  You need devkitARM/devkitPro to be able to compile this.  You can follow the instructions on the wiki:

http://wiki.devkitpro.org/index.php/Getting_Started

For Ubuntu users/Linux users in general, this version is more concise:

http://blog.dev-scene.com/ndsgr/devkitarm-in-ubuntu-edgy/

For Unix (Linux, Mac) in general:

http://www.coderjoe.net/archive/2007/07/23/setting-up-an-nds-homebrew-tool-chain-in-linux-and-mac-osx-ok-windows-too/

===Get *make*===

For those who don't know, GNU make is a utility/programming language for compilation.  Because I absolutely don't know how to make VC++/XCode compilation files, I'm just supporting makefiles.

For Windows:

http://unxutils.sourceforge.net/

For Mac, I think you need to get XCode:

http://developer.apple.com/tools/gcc_overview.html

For Linux...you know where it is.

===Get the code from SVN===

All set?  You also need to get an SVN client to download the source code:

http://code.google.com/p/l-echo/source/checkout

I never really use any SVN client other for commits, so don't ask me.

===Getting the template===

Down and unzip this:

http://l-echo.googlecode.com/files/n-echo_template.zip

==Compiling==

1) Copy all the .cpp files in the root of the SVN code (the files like echo_character.cpp, grid.cpp, etc.) and in tinyxml/ (tinyxml.cpp, tinystr.cpp, etc.) to the source/ directory in n-echo_template/.

2) Copy all the .h files in the root of the SVN code (echo_character.h, echo_debug.h, etc.) and in tinyxml/ (tinyxml.h, tinystr.h) to the include/ directory in n-echo_template/.

3) Go to the terminal (Windows: "Start" -> "Run" -> "cmd.exe", Mac: Google up xterm), go to where you put n-echo_template/

4) Enter "make", and that should be it.  

5) Read the readme! (And the start/pause/resume button is supposed to be A, not N).  Be sure to have sample1.xml at the root of the directory (I might move it to /data/n-echo, or somewhere.  I'll make n-echo look for it)...